[docs] Add reference doc for `create-expo-app` (#29488)
expo/expo: docs/pages/tutorial/create-your-first-app.mdx

  cmdCopy="npx create-expo-app StickerSmash --template blank && cd StickerSmash"
/>

> This command will create a new directory for the project with the name **StickerSmash**. The `create-expo-app` has a `--template` option, which we can use to create a new project with different pre-installed libraries and set it up. In this case, we're using the `blank` which installs the minimum required libraries. We'll continue to add more dependencies throughout this tutorial when we need them.

Author: ```suggestion
This command will create a new directory for the project with the name **StickerSmash**. The `create-expo-app` has a `--template` option, which we can use to create and set up a new project with different pre-installed libraries. In this case, we're using the `blank` which installs the minimum required libraries. We'll continue to add more libraries throughout this tutorial when needed.
```
